Document contributing guidelines (#37)
maxfischer2781/asyncstdlib: docs/source/contributing.rst

  .. code-block::

      python -m black --target-version py36 --diff --check asyncstdlib unittests

  You can also automatically format the code with:

  .. code-block::

    python -m black --target-version py36 asyncstdlib unittests

* Run unit tests and measure the code coverage by:

  .. code-block::

      python -m coverage run -m pytest

  The HTML report of the coverage can be generated by:

  .. code-block::

      coverage html

  The report on coverage is stored in the ``htmlcov/`` directory.

  Make sure that your test provide a full coverage of your code.

.. _flake8: https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/
.. _Black: https://github.com/psf/black

Document
========
Once you are finished with the implementation, do not forget to document your
code in the directory ``docs/source/api/``.

We use `Sphinx`_ to render the documentation to HTML.

.. _Sphinx: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/

To generate the documentation, change to ``docs/`` and execute, on Windows:

.. code-block::

    make.bat html

or on Linux/Mac:

.. code-block::

    make html

The documentation is available in ``docs/_build/html``.

Commit your Changes
===================

> Make a single commit of your changes.
> 
> Write the subject of the commit message in `imperative mood`_.
> The subject should not exceed 50 characters.
> 
> The body of the commit message should be a bullet list of changes and additions,
> usually in `past tense`_.
> Please observe the maximum line length of 72 characters for the body.
> 
> Here is an example of a commit message:
> 
> .. code-block::
> 
>     Add itertools.pairwise
> 
>     * added itertools.pairwise
> 
>     * documented itertools.pairwise

Reviewer: Can you please change that? This is basically the opposite of what I prefer: many small commits, each with one change. There shouldn't actually be a need to have a body for a commit message – that's a sure sign the commit is too large.  
The singular commit + summary is created when merging the branch into master.

Quick sketch of a possible description:
```suggestion
Make a single commit for each self-contained change.

Write the subject of the commit message in `imperative mood`_.
The subject should not exceed 50 characters.

Here is an example of two commit messages:

.. code-block::

    added itertools.pairwise

    documented itertools.pairwise
```

Author: @maxfischer2781 the current commit history uses present tense for the subject, while you used past tense in your examples here. What should be official?

Reviewer: Going through the recent commit history, the largest bulk uses *past tense* for the commit messages and *present tense* for PR messages. So, commits should be *past tense*.

Author: @maxfischer2781 thanks! I changed the text and pushed another commit.
